Feature: Add select/deselect all to CheckboxList (#4766)
laravel-filament/filament: packages/forms/docs/03-fields.md

This method accepts the same options as the `columns()` method of the [grid](layout#grid). This allows you to responsively customize the number of columns at various breakpoints.

> You may also allow users to select/deselect all options at once using the `bulkToggleable()` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also allow users to toggle all checkboxes at once using the `bulkToggleable()` method:
```

> You may also allow user to select / deselect all options at once by using the `canSelectAll()` method:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You may also allow users to select/deselect all options at once using the `canSelectAll()` method:
```
